Digimon World 2

Alternate opening sequence
View the opening sequence twice to see Blackwargreymon instead of Wargreymon in the animation at the beginning of the game. Note: This does not unlock him during the game.

Baihumon
To get biahumon you must go to any domain that has megas and catch wargreymon and metal garurumon. Then you must DNA digivolve them into meteormon and train him to level 31. Then digivolve him to get baihumon.baihumon is very rare and can only be caught in the last domain on the floors 50-99 so DNA digivoling to get him is the best way.

Diaborimon
Digivolve an Okuwamon with 20+ DP.

Formula For Experience Level
It is very easy really, you just need to take the EL (eperience level) of the strongest leveled Digimon in the DNA digivolution, then take the weakest Digimon's El and divide it by 5. Then add that number to the strongest Digimon's level and that will be the level of your new DNA digivoled Digimon!

Example: 35+(22 divided by 5)
=35+(4)
=39

Note: When dividing the two numbers remember to NEVER round up. Always round down even if it comes out to .9.

Get Godmon and Godessmon
Join Gold Hawk tamers organization. When you get your Digimon, press x,x,x,o,o,o,x and when you get your first mission, Agumon turns into a Digimon called Killmon. He destroys your Digi-Beetle and Veemon will be under it. He will say,"Destroy Akira". If you changed your name to something else, it says,"Destroy @#%%". Killmon goes into battle and even if you lose, it says,"WIN". Veemon askes a stupid question,"Are you a Digimon?". Answer yes and he digivolves into Godmon. Answer no, he digivolves into Godessmon. To get both, say I don\'t know. You have them. But, the Black Sword Leader makes you join him. Killmon eats him. You have beaten the game, But then a sighn pops up and it says,"GAME ERASED". Even though your game data is erased, you still have Godmon, Godessmon, Whatever.

Greymon
Join the Gold Hawk Club and raise one or, if you did not join that club, wait until the Blood Knights invade the SCSI, Video, and Disk Domains and befriend one in the Video Domain.

Imperialdramon
Get Vee-mon with 4DP and up. It will digivolve into Flamedramon (champion) at level 11, Raindramon (ultimate) at level 21, Imperialdramon (mega) at level 31.

Kimeramon
The game's data is set up so that Kimeramon appears randomly in Tera Domain. With your first step on the 99th floor, there is a 1 in 666 chance of going into a battle with him. This is the only way to get him without using a GameShark code.

Leveling up faster
Do not run away from battles and you will earn experience points. Also, fight stronger Digimons for more experience points.

Quick champion
One of the best ways to level up to a champion is in the power domain on File Island. You will need some mp and hp disks, and it would be a good idea to have a digimon with crimson flame because it will revive your rookie if defeated, you can get crimson flame by capturing a pheonixmon in the tera domain, or you can digivolve a veemon to its mega form. Once in there you will want two of your best digimon and the rookie you have chosen, then fight any digimon you can.

NOTE: Make sure you have your rookie in defence/block.

Every battle should give you digimon 1 level up and if you check his/her stats it should say 0 until your next level. You should only have to go in there one or two times, and when you reach champion it will be pretty east from there to get to ultimate because of all the exp. you gained in rooky.

Rare Digimon
Diaboromon: Digivolve an Okuwamon (ultimate form of Kunemon) with 20+ DP to mega.

Baihumon: Digivolve a Meteormon (ultimate form of Gotsumon) with 20+ DP to mega.

Omnimon: Digivolve a Metalgreymon (ultimate form of Agumon) with 20+ DP to mega.

It will take a long time to obtain the DP, but it is worth it in the end as all of the Digimon are very powerful!

Note: Dp = Digivolution Points.

Veemon and Veedramon
To get them you must fuse Agumon and Biomon's Champion levels together to become Veemon. If you have Veemon Trian him until he learns his Champion form then he will be Veedramon.


Digimon World 2

Click here for more help 	  	Get more help and discuss this game in the Digimon World forum.

Alternate opening sequence:
View the opening sequence twice to see Blackwargreymon instead of Wargreymon in the animation at the beginning of the game. Note: This does not unlock him during the game.
Information in this section was contributed by Camy Kwok.

Hint: Airdramon:
Join the Gold Hawk Club and befriend one, then digivolve it. If it is too late and you joined another club, you will have to wait until you find the missing generator parts. Then, you can buy the Vaccine Gifts at the Device Dome.

Hint: Angemon:
Go to the SCSI domain when the Blood Knights attack Digital City. On the fifth floor there will be two Angemon. Give Angemon four Cell Phones. Defeat Angemon last and he is yours for the taking.
Information in this section was contributed by Dontay Minter.

Hint: Angewomon:
Get a Phantomon and a MetalGreymon. Max out their levels and DNA digivolve them with the Phanomon first and MetalGreymon second. You should get a Gatomon. Raise it to EL21 and digivolve it to Angewomon. Raise it to EL22 and it will learn Giga Blaster. Raise it to EL23 and it will learn Horn Buster. Later, trade Angewomon for Magnadramon.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: Baihumon:
Digivolve a Meteormon with 20+ DP.
Information in this section was contributed by Bahamut986.

Hint: Black WarGreymon:
Have the beginning four times to see a Black WarGreymon.
Information in this section was contributed by Camy Kwok.

There cannot be any Digimon in your server. Get a Machine Dramon 57 DP. Get a WarGreymon 64 DP. These are the order on your Digiline. Get a MetalGarurumon 6 DP (and a Piximon for luck). DNA Digivolve the MetalGarurumon as the first with Machine Dramon as the second. WarGreymon should be in the first position. Level up both Digimon to EL 99. DNA Digivolve them together and you will get Black WarGreymon. Do not let it go over EL 46 or it will go back to a regular WarGreymon.
Information in this section was contributed by paddyo.

Hint: Cyclopesmon:
Get a Gizamon then get his EL up to 11 and digivolve him. You can only have 0 to 3 DP -- if you have a higher DP you will get a different Digimon.
Information in this section was contributed by The Real Deal!.

Hint: Darktyranamon:
Get Betamon and evolve it in level 11. It is easier if you start with Blacksword. Later, trade it for Myotismon at the Digimon Center.
Information in this section was contributed by black hawk.

Hint: Demidevimon:
DNA Digivolve Icedevimon and Ninjamon or DNA Digivolve Bakemon and Wizardmon to get Demidevimon.
Information in this section was contributed by Carl.

Hint: Diaborimon:
Digivolve an Okuwamon with 20+ DP.
Information in this section was contributed by Bahamut986.

Hint: Flamedramon:
Join the Gold Hawk team. Get the Agumon. Go to SCSI Domain and get a Biyomon. Digivolve Agumon to Greymon and Biyomon to Airdramon at EL11. Then, teach Greymon Nova Blast and Airdramon Spinning Needle. Then, DNA Digivolve Greymon and Airdramon to Veemon. Veemon should learn Pepper Breath at EL2 and Spiral Twister at EL3. Next, raise Veemon to EL11 and give him three DNA Up chips. He should Digivolve to a Flamedramon. Flamedramon should learn Flaming Rocket at EL12, Nova Blast at EL13, and Spinning Needle at EL14.
Information in this section was contributed by rbain34.

Hint: Floramon:
Get Coelamon and Kiwimon. DNA digivolve them to get Floramon.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: Flymon:
Get a Dokunemon and digivolve it at EL 11. It should learn Brown Stinger at EL12. It should now know Electro Thread, Invisibility and Brown Stinger. That is a normal Flymon.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill and Digmon Tamer.

Hint: Frigimon:
Get a SnowAgumon and at level 11, digivolve it to get Frigimon.
Information in this section was contributed by Rison890.

Hint: Gigadramon:
When the Blood Knights attack the city you will see a lot of Champion level Digimon in the invaded domains. In some domains you will see some Numemon with Mushroomon and Devidramon in a group. Capture the Devidramon and raise it to EL 21 and it will digivolve to Gigadramon. Note: You may need to have some DP on Devidramon because it might stop growing.
Information in this section was contributed by AVWALKER.

Hint: Greymon:
Join the Gold Hawk Club and raise one or, if you did not join that club, wait until the Blood Knights invade the SCSI, Video, and Disk Domains and befriend one in the Video Domain.

Hint: Gryphomon:
When you get to the Bios Domain you will find Floramon after a couple of floors. Catch one and at EL 11 he will digivolve to Kiwimon. At EL 21 he will become Deramon, and Gryphomon at EL 31.You will need a couple DP to get him to Mega level. When you reach the Champion Stage. try DNA digivolving back to his rookie form.
Information in this section was contributed by Vegito978.

Hint: Hercules-Kabutimon:
Capture a Tentomon and digivolve it to Kabuterimon (champion) at level 11, Mega-Kabutimon (ultimate) at level 21, and Hercules-Kabutimon (mega) at level 31.
Information in this section was contributed by David Mak.

Hint: Imperialdramon:
Get Vee-mon with 4DP and up. It will digivolve into Flamedramon (champion) at level 11, Raindramon (ultimate) at level 21, Imperialdramon (mega) at level 31.
Information in this section was contributed by Fatedcircle255.

Get a Pheonixmon and get its DP to 8 or higher. Next, go to Laser Domain with at least three Toy Planes or level B virus items and capture a Devidramon. Train it until its experience is maxed out. if it is maxed out at level 21 or higher, do not digivolve it. Head over to a place where they DNA Digivolve and merge the Pheonix first with Devidramon. You should get a Veemon. Train the Veemon and eventually it will pass through its Flamedramon stage, Raidramon stage, and Finally imperialdramon stage.
Information in this section was contributed by LBCDWilson.

Hint: Jijimon:
Catch a SnowAgumon in Drive Domain and Core Tower. At EL 11 he will digivolve to Mojyamon (DP=3-5). At EL 21 he will digivolve to Monzaemon. At EL 31 he will digivolve to Jijimon. Alternately, you can catch a Jijimon in Tera Domain.
Information in this section was contributed by HDY.

Hint: Kimeramon:
The game's data is set up so that Kimeramon appears randomly in Tera Domain. With your first step on the 99th floor, there is a 1 in 666 chance of going into a battle with him. This is the only way to get him without using a GameShark code.
Information in this section was contributed by Nagemclay.

Hint: Leomon:
Get a Toyagumon, train it to level 11 and digivolve it.
Information in this section was contributed by Jose Murguia.

At the beginning, you have to fight Leomon. Use MegaSeadramon's Ice Blast. It will attack all enemies. Put the other two in defense.
Information in this section was contributed by rockbottom93.

Hint: MagnaAngemon:
Wait until you can get him in a trade. Trade a Gururumon for MagnaAngemon and he is yours at last.
Information in this section was contributed by Dontay Minter.

Hint: MagnaDramon:
Catch a Gatomon (Champion) and digivolve it into Angewomon (Ultimate) at EL21. After you defeat Chaos Lord in the Soft Domain, you can trade your Angewomon for a MagnaDramon (Mega) at the Digimon Center.
Information in this section was contributed by JustinAndJessy.

Hint: MegaDramon:
When the Blood Knights invade, you will start seeing a lot of champion Digimon. At the Digimon center, a MegaDramon will be available for trade. Note: This only works if you are part of the Black Sword Club. Buy four or five Skis and go to any of the invaded domains. After a couple of floors, you will see a Numemon. Give them four Skis and defeat the Numemon last. Then, trade it for the MegaDramon -- you just traded a champion for an ultimate.

If you want a second MegaDramon, all you need is a Gizamon (a supply is always available in the Boot domain) who will digivolve to Cyclomon at level 11. However, you should DNA it to stronger machine Digimon such as the Tankmon that you had to get for Kim after it becomes Tinmon; simply DNAing Gizamon will not work since it become something else at. Note: you cannot DNA it with your trade Megadramon since that would make a D-Tyrannomon. Also, you can keep powering it up with Tinmon.
Information in this section was contributed by Dragoonstorm101.

Hint: Meramon:
Go to Web Domain when the Blood Knights re-invade. You will soon find Tankmon, Clockmon, and Meramon. Get a lot (about 12) of Data-type gifts such as Digivice. Meramon knows fireball.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: MetalGarurumon:
Capture a Gabumon and train up to level 35 and evolve it into Metalgarurumon.

Hint: Metal Garurumon knowing Terra-Force (Wargreymon's move):
Get a Gabumon and digivolve it to Garurumon. Get an Augumon and digivolve it to a Greymon (at level 11). At level 21, digivolve Garurumon into WereGarurumon and Greymon into MetalGreymon. At level 31, digivolve WereGarurumon into MetalGarurumon and MetalGreymon into Wargreymon. Then DNA digivolve MetalGarurumon and Wargreymon into Meteormon (Note: Try not to have very much DP with them). Battle with Meteormon. Gain a level and Meteormon will learn WereGarurumon's move and MetalGreymon's moves. Get Meteormon to level 31 and digivolve him into MetalGarurumon. Battle with MetalGarurumon. Gain a level, and MetalGarurumon will learn its original moves and it will learn Terra-Force (Wargreymon's move). MetalGarurumon will be a lot more powerful than Wargreymon or MetalGarurumon the first time you got them. He will be more powerful than any other original mega that has not been DNA digivolved as a mega with another mega.
Information in this section was contributed by Bad2dabone145.

Hint: MetalGreymon:
When it seems that there are no more missions your leader will tell you to go to the Tamers' Club. Go there and you will automatically talk to a man. He will tell you about the BOIS Domain and will give you a Toy Plane. Go the domain and you will see him on the second floor. He will run away on purpose, but you can find him on the Boss level if you turn left instead of going right. Use the Toy Plane and battle him. Be careful, because most of your Digimon need to be champions to defeat him. He can take between 20 and 40 HP.
Information in this section was contributed by Freshass Jive.

After defeating Kokatorimon and Numemon, go to your headquarters to report your mission to your leader. Your leader will tell you to go to Tamer's Club. Once there, you will talk with Mark Shultz. He will tell you about BIOS Domain and give you a Toy Plane. On the second floor of the BIOS Domain, you will see MetalGreymon, but he will run away. On the last floor, go to the left. When you find him, give him the Toy Plane. Battle MetalGreymon and win. MetalGreymon will then ask if he can join you.
Information in this section was contributed by Digipend21.

To get a good MetalGreymon, go to the Bug Domain.
Information in this section was contributed by Greg Schneider.

If you missed the chance to catch MetalGrEymon early, you can get it later in the game by just having a Graymon with 3 DB and above. DNA digivolve with any Digimon that turns into Agumon. After DNA digivolving, it would turn into a MetalGreymon if the experience levels are El 18 and El 15 it will turn into MetalGraymon later.
Information in this section was contributed by Avinash Tiwary.

In the BIOS domain, go to the area where you see Metalgreymon just before he runs away. Then, after it runs off, continue playing until you reach the final floor of the domain (with green and black walls). Go in the normal direction until you reach a fork in the road. Take a left, then follow that path. After the left, you should be able to go upwards into a new room where you will find MetalGreymon. Note: Save a Toy Plane to give to MetalGreymon. Also, make sure that the Digimon you have with you are going to be strong enough to make it to him and can survive and defeat him.
Information in this section was contributed by Alex.

In the BIOS domain, when you reach the last floor do not go left. Go right and capture a MetalGreymon. Do not defeat the Boss yet. Exit and get a Toy Plane from a man at the Trading Center. Get another Toy Plane from him and get another MetalGreymon because If you do not defeat the Boss the MetalGreymon reappears, even though it was previously captured.
Information in this section was contributed by Payton Dudley.

Hint: MetalSeadramon:
First, get a Magnadramon and a MegaSeadramon. DNA Digivolve them to get Seadramon (EL 11). Raise him to level 21 and Digivolve him to MegaSeadramon. Then at level 31, Digivolve him to MetalSeadramon. At about EL 35 he should know Energy Blast (60 MP), an attack that shoots energy all enemy Digimon; Fire Tornado (80 MP), an attack that shoots a tornado of fire at all enemy Digimon; Lightning Spear (16 MP), an attack that shoots lightning at a Digimon; and Ice Blast (18 MP), an attack that shoots ice blades at all enemy Digimon.
Information in this section was contributed by Legomaniac1000.

Hint: MetalTyrannomon:
Catch a Betamon and train it to El 11 and it will digivolve to DarkTyrannomon if it has 0, 1, or 2 DP. Raise it to EL 21 and it will digivolve to MetalTyrannomon, but make sure it has 6 or more DP or it will digivolve to ExTyrannomon. Note: MetalTyrannomon does not digivolve.
Information in this section was contributed by AVWALKER.

Hint: Nanimon:
Get a Gazimon to level 11 and digivolve it to Nanimon.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: Ninjamon:
Train Patamon to level 11 and digivolve it.
Information in this section was contributed by Jose Murguia.

Hint: Okuwamon:
Capture a Kunemon and raise it to EL 11. It will digivolve to Kuwagamon. Train it to EL 21 and it will digivolve to Okuwamon. Note: Okuwamon digivolves to GranKuwagamon with 0 to 19 DP, or you can digivolve it to Diaboromon with 20+ DP.
Information in this section was contributed by AVWALKER.

Hint: Omnimon:
Digivolve a MetalGreymon with 20+ DP to get Omnimon. Be careful, if you fuse it to a Greymon it will digivolve to a SkullGreymon and that will digivolve to a Machindramon (one of the Darkmasters).
Information in this section was contributed by Bahamut986 and Fatedcircle255.

Hint: Phantomon:
Catch a Tsukaimon; he is the blue Patamon. At EL 11 he will digivolve to Bakemon. At EL 21 Bakemon will digivolve to Phantomon. You might need a couple DP to get to the Ultimate Level -- once you get Bakemon you should try DNA digivolve back to his rookie form.
Information in this section was contributed by Vegito978.

Hint: Phoenixmon:
Get a Vee-mon. Get it to level 11 and digivolve it to Veedramon. Then, digivolve it at level 21 to AeroVeedramon. At level 31, it digivloves to Phoenixmon (a mega). Make sure it does not have over 8DP. If it does, it will digivolve to Imperialdramon. Alternately, get a Biyomon. It will digivolve to Birdramon or Saberdramon. That will digivolve to Garudamon, which will digivolve to Phoenixmon.
Information in this section was contributed by Fatedcircle255.

Hint: Piddomon:
When the Blood Knights reinvade BIOS, Web, and Drive Domain, get a lot of level C gifts for Vaccine Digimon. Then, go to the reinvaded Drive Domain. On the 5th or higher floor in a group, you will see Frigimon, Gatomon, and Piddomon. Fire all the gifts you can until he approaches you. Then, defeat Piddomon last. There is a 1 in 15 chance you will get him, depending on what size heart he has.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: Piedmon:
Catch a Tsukaimon. Note: He is the blue Patamon. At EL 11 he will digivolve to Bakemon and at EL 21 he will become Phantomon. Finally at EL 31 he digivolves to Piedmon.
Information in this section was contributed by Vegito978.

Hint: PrinceMamemon:
Catch a Patamon in BIOS domain. Raise it to EL 11 (make sure it has 0-2 DP) and itwill digivolve to Ninjamon. Raise it to EL 21 and it will digivolve to Mamemon. Raise it to EL 31 and it will digivolve to PrinceMamemon.
Information in this section was contributed by AVWALKER.

Hint: Redvegimon:
Buy Virus gifts. Note: This only works when you go to a domain when the Blood Knights re-invade the first time. Go to SCSI Domain. You may have to search until the third floor or higher. When you find Gekomon, Sukamon, and Redvegiemon, fire all your gifts. Defeat him last, and he is yours for the taking. Note: Redvegiemon knows Party Time and Rotten Rainballs.
Information in this section was contributed by Billy Bouton.

Hint: Rosemon:
Capture a Palmon and digivolve it To togemon (champion) at level 11, Lilymon (ultimate) at level 21, and Rosemon (mega) at level 31.
Information in this section was contributed by David Mak.

Hint: Seraphimon:
Catch a ClearAgumon and raise to EL 11. It will digivolve to Piddomon (make sure it has 3 DP or more ). At EL 21 it will digivolve to MagnaAngemon and at EL 31 it will digivolve to Seraphimon.
Information in this section was contributed by AVWALKER.

To get Seraphimon, buy ten level A Vaccine gifts and go to Tera Domain. Seraphimon will be on floors 10 through 14 with a Jijimon and a MarineAngemon. Send the gifts then get into a fight with it. Sending the gifts will be easy, because it does not like to fight. The most important thing when you fight it is to kill the Digimon in this order: Jijimon, MarineAngemon, then Seraphimon. Jijimon has a revive move. MarineAngemon can lower your Digimon's motivation. Seraphimon has a recovery move that recovers all the other Digimon's HP (the ones that have not fainted). When you win, you will get Seraphimon. It is a level 35 Mega that knows Lightning Blade (24 MP), an ultimate level attack that hits all enemy Digimon, and Full HP Recovery (80 MP), and an assist move that recovers all your Digimon's HP (the ones that have not fainted).
Information in this section was contributed by Legomaniac1000.

Hint: SnowGoburimon:
Start the game with DemiDevimon. Get Betamon and DNA Digivolve the Digimon after they Digivolve and stop growing. You should end up the Tsukaimon. Digivolve him to Bakemon and wait until he stops growing. Then, catch Candlemon and Digivolve him to Tankmon. DNA Digivolve the two Digimon and you should get SnowGoburimon. When the Blood Knights arrive, go to the SCSI Domain, battle every Digimon you find, and win. Every time SnowGoburimon wins a Blood Digimon fight he will gain a level and learn a new attack (such as Flame Bomber). Note: In order to win in battle with a Blood Digimon, have more powerful Digimon, such as MetalGreymon. Additionally, SnowGoburimon will stop learning at level 6.
Information in this section was contributed by Digipend21.

Hint: Starmon:
Start by getting a Patamon. Raise its DP to at least 4 or you will get Ninjamon. This will take a while. However, by the time it has at least 4 DP, it will be able to go to ultimate.
Information in this section was contributed by DiGi Freak.

Hint: Syakomon with Electro Thread move:
Get a Kunemon and Syakomon. Digivolve Kunemon to Kuwagumon and Syakomon to Octomon at EL 11 each. Then, DNA digivolve in this order: Octomon, then Kuwagumon. Do not delete any of the Digimon's moves. You should get another Syakomon. When Syakomon gets to EL 2, it should learn Electro Thread (Kunemon's move). However, when you get it at EL 1, it will only know Blackpearl Shot (its own move).
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: Tankmon:
Use the following trick to get Tankmon in Web Domian. If you do not have a Toy Plane to get the Tankmon for Kim in the Web Domain, then bring ten Digivices from the Device Dome. The problem is, you do not have enough space to use all of them. Do the following. When you enter the chamber where Tankmon is, do not move. Shoot three Digivices, After that, follow these movements exactly. Even the slightest mistake will allow Tankmon to get you unprepared. The movements are right, right, northwest (diagonal), up, up, up, up, northeast, right, right, right, right, down, down, down, down, down, down, southwest, left and left. During these movements, you will find yourself in back of the chest he is guarding. When you are behind the treasure chest, shoot two Digivices and continue with the path. After all of this, you will find yourself back at the start. Repeat this until you get a huge heart meter.
Information in this section was contributed by Aldrin B..

Hint: Tekkamon:
This requires some time. First, catch a Gazimon from the BIOS Domain and a SnowGoburimon from SCSI Domain. Digivolve them into Nanimon and Hyogamon. Train then until they stop growing. DNA Digivolve them, but select the Digimon with the highest level second. You should get Gazimon. Now, catch another SnowGoburimon and Digivolve it, then continue training it until it stops growing. Then, DNA Digivolve it with either a Data or Virus champion, but make sure the strongest one is second. The result is a SnowGoburimon. Train it to Hyogamon and train the Gazimon into Nanimon. When they stop growing, DNA Digivolve again, the strongest second. The result will be Gazimon. Digivolve it to Nanimon and train Nanimon until it reaches level 21 and Digivolve it into Tekkamon. If it does not reach that level, DNA Digivolve the Nanimon with another Hyogamon, strongest second, and train the newborn Gazimon. Once you get Tekkamon, keep training it until it stops growing. It should now know a large selection of different attacks. To make it better, DNA Digivolve it with another ultimate (Data or Virus) that result is Nanimon, which you then train to Tekkamon.
Information in this section was contributed by Osumesu21.

Hint: Tortomon:
Catch Gomamon and digivolve it at level 11. It will evolve into Tortomon.
Information in this section was contributed by Manny Broa.

Hint: Tsukaimon:
Get a Gizamon and a Gazimon (if not black sword, use a lot of Toy Cars). Get them both to level 11, digivolve both of them, get two more levels (so they both get champ and rookie techniques), and then DNA digivolve them together (if you chose Blue Falcon you have to wait until you get to Device Dome). It is theflip side of Patamon -- it is blue instead of yellow and is a virus.
Information in this section was contributed by Zach Foster.

Hint: Vademon:
Digivolve MetalGreymon and Cherrymon to receive a Vademon. Vedamon is an Ultimate level Digimon that starts with the Alien Ray (20 MP) attack and GigaBlaster (18 MP) attack.
Information in this section was contributed by Jonah West.

Hint: Veemon:
You can DNA digivolve a Greymon/MetalGreymon/Megadramon with Airdramon to get a Veemon.

To get Veemon, DNA digivolve MetalGreyMon and Veedramon.
Information in this section was contributed by charlie the white hair dude.

DNA Digivolve a Veedramon and a Meagdramon to get a Veemon. Note: You can trade a Numemon for a Megadramon.
Information in this section was contributed by David Drouin.

When you start a new game, join the Golden Hawks club, You will get an Agumon. Buy a couple Vaccine-type toys and catch a Biyomon. Biyomon can be found in the first couple domains. At EL 11 Agumon will digivolve to Greymon and Biyomon will digivolve to Airdramon. Then, train both to EL 13. After that DNA digivolve them and they will become a Veemon which can grow to EL 15.
Information in this section was contributed by Vegito978.

Veemon can DNA digivolve as follows:

Veemon 	Veemon digivolves to
Airdramon + Greymon	Veedramon (0-3 DP)
Veedramon + Dark Tyrannomon	Flamedramon (4+ DP)
Devidramon + Birdramon	
Devimon + Sabredramon	
Cyclonemon + Airdramon	
Cyclonemon + Flamedramon	
Tuskmon + Birdramon	
Darkrizamon + Airdramon	
Veedramon + Greymon	

Information in this section was contributed by Vegito978.
Hint: Venom-Myotismon:
Get a Demidevimon. Get it to Icedevimon (a blue Devimon at level 11 with 0-3 DP) or Devimon (4 and more DP). Digivolve it to Myotismon at level 21. and finally Venom-Myotismon at level 31.
Information in this section was contributed by Fatedcircle255.

Hint: Wargreymon:
Get a Agumon in the Silver Cross Team and train up to level 31 to evolve it to Wargreymon. Note: Make sure you evolve it from Agumon to Greymon at level 11-13, then evolve Greymon to Metalgreymon at level 21-25. After you are at level 21-25, you can finally evolve it to Wargreymon.
Information in this section was contributed by David Mak.

After you get to the BIOS Domain, you will see MetalGreymon on the second floor, then again on the fifth floor. Give him the Toy Plane you received earlier and defeat him. He should join you. MetalGreymon is at EL 21 when you catch him. Train him to EL 31 and digivolve him to WarGreymon.
Information in this section was contributed by Sephiroth597.

DNA Digivolve your Megadramon and Ikacumon, and get Agumon. He will only go up to EL 29 DNA Digivolve it with a Greymon to get another Agumon and it will go to EL. 32.
Information in this section was contributed by Greg Schneider.

The two ways of creating Wargreymon is Agumon or Greymon. MetalGreymon 21+ DP, or it will not become Wargreymon. M-Tryanamon 0-19 DP (Master Tryanamon). They will both digivolve to WarGreymon.
Information in this section was contributed by paddyo.

When you get to BIOS domain and catch a MetalGreymon, he will get to level 28. When u get the MegaDramon from trading, he will get to level 27. DNA Digivolve them and you will get a Greymon that will grow until level 33. Note: If you defeated the Boss of the BIOS domain before catching MetalGreymon, you will lose your chance to do this.
Information in this section was contributed by daffy-duck.

Hint: Zudomon:
Catch two Ikkakumon in the video domain when the Blood Nights attack. Max out their levels to 20. Then, DNA digivolve them to Gomamon. He should evolve into Tortomon. He learns Strong Carapace at level 12 and Ikkakumon's attack at level 13. Digivolve Tortomon at level 21 to get Zudomon.
Information in this section was contributed by Tyler Bassss.

Hint: Catch Birdramon, Ikkakumon and Garurumon easily:
This trick is easier if you joined the Blue Falcons and have unlocked the Device Dome. If you did those things, get a lot of level C toys for data type. Next go to Video Domain and go past a few floors. It also helps if you have the Mine Sweep item. You will see three yellow blocks in the shape of a trapezoid on your map (press Select to see the big map), except one of the edges are missing. Go to that floor and the missing edge will appear. Two Birdramon will be in the trapezoid, unable to move. Fire all your gifts at one of them until it has huge pink heart. Then, go over to the edge and battle. Whichever one you want to catch, faint them last.
Information in this section was contributed by johnson_9637.

Hint: Defeating Leomon:
Start by firing a cannon at him so he cannot counter. Next, have two Digimon attack T-Agomon and one attack X-Vemon. That should defeat T-Agomon and leave X-Vemon weak. Leomon will attack, but it is very weak compared to the counter. Shoot him again and unleash all your attacks on X-Vemon, in round two. Get hit by Leomon and start round three by attacking him with your hardest hitter. He should be defeated, leaving you with lots of HP.
Information in this section was contributed by Rafito.

Hint: Defeating MetalGreymon:
When taking on Metal Greymon in the BIOS Domain, you do not need Champions. Three level 11 Rookies of the Vaccine type will be able to take him down with little time. Keep a good stock of healing Items and EPs.
Information in this section was contributed by Dan MacDougall.

Hint: Digivolving points:
DP stands for digivolving points. Every time you Dna Digivolve, that Digimon gets a point.
Information in this section was contributed by Fatedcircle255.

Hint: Trading:
At various points in the game you will be able to trade one Digimon for another. The digimon you receive is usually at a higher stage than the one you trade.
Information in this section was contributed by Sephiroth597.

Trade 	To receive
ToyAgumon	SnowAgumon
Crabmon	Wizardmon
Numemon	Megadramon
Garurumon	MangaAngemon
Nise Drimogemon	Metal Mamemon
Dark Tyrannomon	Myotismon
Hint: DNA Digvolving:
Information in this section was contributed by WIngZer012 and Dash X.

    2 Champions = Rookie
    2 Ultimates = Champion
    2 Megas = Ultimate
    Champion + Ultimate = Rookie
    Champion + Mega = Rookie
    Ultmate + Mega = Champion 

The DNA digivolved Digimon's form is always one below the lowest Digimon form in the pair of the two Digimon.

Hint: Digivolution points:
Digivolution Points determine what Digimon you will get when you digivolve in the future. The only way to get DP is through DP Up item or the old fashion DNA Digivolution. DNA Digivolving is better and makes your Digimon stronger.

Hint: Digivolving:
All Digimon digivolve at 11, 21, 31.

Hint: DNA Digivolving formula:
There is a formula to figuring out the maximum level of your Digimon when you DNA Digivolve. Note: The level always rounds down.
Information in this section was contributed by ScbaSteve75.

    X = Larger level of two Digimon
    Y = Lower level of two Digimon
    Maximum level = X + Y/5 

Hint: Calculating when Digimon stop growing:
Every Digimon stops growing. You have to DNA Digivolve to keep it growing. Use the following steps to find out when the Digimon stops growing after DNA Digivolving. Chose your first Digimon, then chose your second Digimon. Divide the second Digimon's level by 5. Then add it to the original of the second. You have to do this repeatedly. For example, Digimon 1 = 12 EL and Digimon 2 = 15 EL. 15 divided by 5 is 3. 3 plus 15 is 18. So, the newborn will stop growing at level 18. Additionally, the newborn will learn all the moves the parents had.
Information in this section was contributed by Fatedcircle255.

Digimon stop growing at level 13, 15, and 18.
Information in this section was contributed by Auron54854.

Hint: Stronger DNA Digivolved Digimon:
To get a Rookie that is stronger than its parents, make the strongest Digimon in a DNA Digivolve second. For example, with 1. IceDevimon (EL 13) and 2. DarkTyranamon (EL 15) would result in a newborn which will stop growing at EL 18.
Information in this section was contributed by Digipend21.

Hint: EP, HP for the Digibeetle:
You will run out of EP for the Digibeetle if you step on traps (HP also) or go to dungeon that is very deep. Buy more EP refill and HP before proceeding. You can teleport out of the dungeon by going to the Digibeetle's stats by answering "Yes" in the stats down part. That can have you avoid paying 1000 bits (to repair if EP or HP run out).
Information in this section was contributed by Starcare.

Hint: Titanium body for Digibeetle:
Unlock the Devicedome and go there. When you enter, enter the room on the upper-right side. There will be three people there. Talk to the person on the upper-right. Buy the Pegasus Engine, then transfer it to the Digibeetle. Then, talk to the man under him. Add the Pegasus Engine to the Digibeetle, then go back to Digial City. Talk to the Engineer Maestro and he will install the Titanium body to your Digibeetle.
Information in this section was contributed by naser musa othman khalil.

Hint: Getting the Ultimate D-B parts:
After defeating GAIA, talk to Esteena, then Angemon in Meditation Dome, then Techa-Donna, then Cheif Engineer Maestro.
Information in this section was contributed by Wong Yin Kwan.

Hint: ZCannon on Digibeetle:
When you get to File Island, defeat MasterTyrannomon and he will let you into the city. Note: You need at least 6,000 bits. Go to the Digibeetle Factory. Talk to the Patamon and he will sell high price Digibeetle parts. Buy a ZCannon for the 6,000 bits. Then, transfer the ZCannon from the server. Go to the Tankmon and put it on your Digibeetle. Note: You must have at least one free space remaining for a cannon. Afterwards, buy some ZCannon ammunition from Patamon.
Information in this section was contributed by Cyn3Bill.

Hint: Tera Domain:
Tera Domain is filled with very strong Digimon, and they get stronger. The best Digimon levels to bring are at least one Mega level and two other Digimon stronger than level 15. Make sure that one of them knows a recovery move. This domain is for high level training. It is best to bring lots of Parts Fix, Magnetic and Drill Missiles, EP Recovery Packs, Bug Zaps, and lots of gifts for strong Digimon.
Information in this section was contributed by Legomaniac1000.

Hint: Easy bits:
After you get Angamon, go to the Metatation Dome and talk to him for 2,000 bits. Complete about for to five more levels and talk to your team leader. He will give you 2,000 more bits. Note: This is after you get the titanium body for the Digibeetle.
Information in this section was contributed by Trunksdaman3000.

Hint: Save bits:
Note: This trick only works if you have less than 1000 bits. If you are in a domain where you use your Digi-Beetle and you know you do not have enough EP to finish the level and you do not have any EP packs remaining, move and finish your EP. When you get back to the main gate Carol will say that you need a new auto-pilot, and it will cost 1000 bits. If you have less than 1000 bits she will say she will do it for free only this one time. However, you can actually do this trick any time you have less than 1000 bits.
Information in this section was contributed by Kyeguy1.

Instead of using all of your EP points when you are in the dungeons, you can save all your bits even if you have more then 1000 by selecting the auto-pilot. It will automatically send you back to the Digital City.
Information in this section was contributed by dethgrip01.

Hint: Easy levels:
Enter the SCSI Domain and train until you get to the Boss floor. Then, use Auto-pilot and repeat. It will take awhile, but it is worth it.
Information in this section was contributed by Steg8.

Hint: Super items:
Successfully complete the game, save, and continue. When the game starts, talk to everyone five times. Some of them will give you items.
Information in this section was contributed by Trunksdaman3000.

Hint: Toy Plane:
Always save Toy Planes until you see a good Digimon.
Information in this section was contributed by doug carriger.

Hint: Toy Boat:
To get the Toy Boat, a Level B gift that works on all Digimon, become a Rank 3 Rookie. Leomon will give you a Toy Boat.
Information in this section was contributed by Dontay Minter.

Hint: Finding Prof Piyotte after Bloodknights:
He is in the corner of the place in the Device Dome where you alter your Digibeetle.

Hint: Get the last Digimon in a battle:
Give a enemy Digimon a toy (make sure he has a huge pink heart when given). If you have slot free, you will get him after the battle.
Information in this section was contributed by Dark Warlord.

Hint: Fighting multiple enemies:
Give enemy Digimon a toy as usual (make sure it is a huge pink heart). Defeat the Digimon you want last. If you defeat him first, you will not get him. You will only get the last Digimon you defeat, as long as you have free slots available.
Information in this section was contributed by Dark Warlord.

Hint: Defeating Ultimate and Mega level Digimon:
Get a normal Digimon with an attack with "Confuse" ability. Try to have at most three of these types of Digimon. Then, confuse each of those enemies and watch them blow each other up. This is also effective on Machinedramon.
Information in this section was contributed by Slasher.

Hint: Attack formation:
Always focus all your digimon (in Digi-Line) to attack one enemy Digimon at a time. This allows better survival in domains.
Information in this section was contributed by Slasher.

Hint: Attack while confused:
You must have a Digimon with a interrupt move. When the enemy Digimon attacks with a confuse move, your Digimon will be confused. However, on the next turn put the Digimon that was confused on interrupt. When one of the enemy Digimon attacks, the interrupt screen will appear. Select "Yes" and your confused Digimon will attack the enemy Digimon, without hurting your Digimon friends or yourself.
Information in this section was contributed by Cozumelgal.

Hint: Leveling up faster:
Do not run away from battles and you will earn experience points. Also, fight stronger Digimons for more experience points.
Information in this section was contributed by David Mak.

After you defeat Leomon in the first dungeon, you can return and fight a level 5 Gazimon and a level 5 Gizamon. After defeating these, you gain 39 experience points and 260 bits. Note: Only use this trick when you have at least one or two champion Digimon, as they are quite difficult to defeat.
Information in this section was contributed by Tony.

Use the following trick to level up after one battle. Later in the game when you get two champion Digimon, catch a Rookie Digimon and put it in your party. Go to the Boot domain and fight the level 5 Gizamon and Gazimon. Your rookie Digimon should level up. When you check your rookie Digimon's status it should say 0 exp. to the next level. This will stop working when the exp. grows out, as in level 8, but the stronger the Digimon you fight, the longer you the longer your exp. stays at 0.
Information in this section was contributed by Ryan T..

Hint: Restore power:
When you are low on EP power or time, go to the vendor and buy an EP pack.
Information in this section was contributed by Thomas Bernard.

Hint: Getting MP without MP disk:
Choose the Digimon and put it on guard when the enemy attacks. He will gain a small amount of MP. Note: It is better to do this trick only if your attack is highlighted in red and you cannot use it. It also works with two Digimon. For example, if you have two Digimon on guard they both get a bit of MP.
Information in this section was contributed by king_cobra700.

Hint: Guarding and MP:
When you guard and your Digimon gets MP, it always gets the same amount. For example, if your Digimon's maximum MP is 280, it will get 28 MP. If it is 366 MP maximum, he will get 36 MP every time he guards.
Information in this section was contributed by Legomaniac1000.

Hint: Easier battling with future Bosses and Coliseum battles:
DNA digivolve with many monsters to learn many moves. When they have a DP of 3 or more, you will have a smooth ride all the way to the Pro level. After that, you need to spend more time training because even if one of your Digimon have a DP of 5 and you have Digimon that were bred with the Ultimates you befriended/traded, you will have a rough time trying for the pro level. You have to win 4 tournaments for the pro level.

Hint: Have a champion that is stronger than an ordinary ultimate:
If you have an ultimate at level 21, DNA digivolve it with a champion. The new Digimon will be stronger than the ultimate when it gets to about level 15 and is a champion.

Hint: Easy ultimate level Digimon:
Use the following steps to get a easy ultimate Digimon. Play the game until champion Digimon levels 12 to 14 show up in the domains (after the Blood Knights invade). A good way to reach this point with ease is to get Digimon from the trading center. Get two good champion level Digimon. Raise them both until their levels are maxed (level 17 to 20). This should only take about half an hour if you do not run from fights. DNA Digivolve them and you should be able to have a max level in the 20s -- you should be able to Digivolve to an ultimate Digimon. If it does not work, then repeat the process with the same Digimon and another champion. Remember, the more you DNA Digivolve, the better your Digimon will get.

Hint: Buy all items to catch Digimon:
Once you get the generator parts in the first room in the dome, talk the man on the top right. He will sell all the items that you can buy when you join a club.
Information in this section was contributed by Matthew Richardson.

Hint: Bring back the dead:
Note: This trick will only work if you have a Digimon with an Interrupt. If you know your Digimon will faint in the next turn, pull off the Interrupt and hopefully your Digimon will faint. If it does and another opponent tries to attack, "Do you want to Interrupt" will appear. Answer "Yes" and the Digimon will attack the opponent. You cannot use the Digimon -- still the selection will skip over them in battle.
Information in this section was contributed by William Jackson.

Hint: Fatal hit:
DNA digivolve until your Metal Greymon has more than 20 DP. It will evolve into a Machinedramon. Make its MP high and make sure it knows Giga Cannon. Use it on a boss Digimon for the dungeon. It will attack until the MP is used up!
Information in this section was contributed by WaR mAcHiNe.

Hint: Guardian:
Virus, Data, Vaccine guardians are Mega Digimons. You will encounter them in future, depending on which group you are in. They have strong attacks.
Information in this section was contributed by WaR mAcHiNe.

Hint: Last tournament:
After getting the "Commander" rank, go to the Coliseum. A new championship will be available. Be careful, as this championship is against the Guardians. They will have Mega level Digimon. To defeat the first two Guardians you will need at least one Mega Digimon and two Ultimate Digimon. To defeat the third Guardian, you will need all three Mega Digimon. The last Guardian will use Returning-to-Life techniques.
Information in this section was contributed by Omar Patricio Juárez Alvarez.

Hint: Ultimate skills:
Information in this section was contributed by WaR mAcHiNe.

    Giga Cannon: Attack all enemies until MP is used up.
    Energy Blast: Attack all enemies with strong blast of energy.
    Ocean Love: Blast all enemies with Hydro power. Status effect.
    Tidal Wave: Use Tidal Waves against all enemies.
    Sad Water Blast: Blast all enemies with Sad water.
    Transcend Sword: Attack enemies with a sword.
    Titan Laser: Fires a ultimate laser at all enemies.
    Right Hand, Left Hand: Strong physical attack. 

Glitch: Junk parts:
When the Blood Knights first appear in the game, after you reach the Rookie level, is where this glitch starts. When you go to the girl when you want to start a mission you have two options, "Yes" and "No, not yet". When the glitch is present, the first option will change from "Yes" to "Yes, I'm ready to go". After you see that, check the items box. Taking up a space in one of your item spots is a junk parts item. They are not useable, are worthless, and cannot be sold. However, they can be discarded. However, it keeps returning.
Information in this section was contributed by Dan MacDougall.

Glitch: Freeze game:
Never use Shadow Scythe against a group with Clockmon, as it can freeze the game. If Clockmon interrupts Shadow Scythe with Chrono Breaker, instead of waiting until the end of the turn and attacking like it should, your Digimon will immediately attack, but says "Poitu foitu pah!" instead of "Shadow chupah!" (as though it had already hit and killed one enemy). When your next Digimon goes to attack, the game freezes and you will be forced to reset to continue.
Information in this section was contributed by omechron.

Glitch: Misspelling:
Use a tech that will make one of your Digimon gain fire power or wait for a Flarerizamon to do it to one enemy. When the Digimon loses the fire power, the message will be "Lost Fier Power" instead of "Lost Fire Power".
Information in this section was contributed by sandytanudjaja.

Glitch: Wrong Digivolution chart:
In the original Digimon World, H-Kabuterimon is an Ultimate level Digimon. However in Digimon World 2 it is a Mega level digimon.
Information in this section was contributed by sandytanudjaja.

Pheonixmon is an Ultimate in Digimon World, but is a Mega in Digimon World 2. Whamon is a Champion in Digimon World, but is an Ultimate in Digimon World 2.
Information in this section was contributed by James Porzig.

Glitch: Virus-vaccine:
In the original Digimon World, Metalgreymon is a Virus type Digimon, but in this game it became a Vaccine type Digimon. In addition, its body color has changed from dark purple to yellow with blue stripes on its leg.
Information in this section was contributed by sandytanudjaja.

Glitch: Interrupt move:
You can still use an Interrupt move if your Digimon has died on the turn you selected it.
Information in this section was contributed by Andrew Scott5.

Glitch: Twin Tech:
In this game there are two different techniques with the same name (Energy Blast). One belongs to M-Seadramon and the other one belongs to Gold Hawk Guardian.
Information in this section was contributed by sandytanudjaja.
Strategy: by I Don't Know My Name
Strategy guides from GameFAQs
Published strategy guides GameShark codes Reviews Current News:
Win Guitar Hero III wireless guitars and an iPod
Nyko announces Perfect Shot and Net Connect accessories for Wii
Two Worlds expansion announced
GripShift to race onto Xbox Live Arcade
Nintendo Of America reports historic sales week
More news articles...
Featured Links
» LIST PRICES FOR THE CHEAPEST GAMES.
» DOWNLOAD AND PLAY FREE PC GAMES.

Copyright © 2000-2006 Al Amaloo. All rights reserved.